**Privacy Policy**

Felipe Valtl de Mello built the Status Center app as an Open Source app. This SERVICE is provided by Felipe Valtl de Mello and is intended for use as is.

No data is collected by the APP. The only necessary information to use it is the API key to access statuspage.io web API's, and this key is stored only on your device.

**Security**

I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.

**Links to Other Sites**

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

**Changes to This Privacy Policy**

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2020-04-25.

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at statuscenterapp@felipe.im.

This privacy policy page was created at [privacypolicytemplate.net](https://privacypolicytemplate.net) and modified/generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.firebaseapp.com/).